[Excel] (Data types) Add valuesAsJson content to Concepts article (#3518)
OfficeDev/office-js-docs-pr: docs/excel/excel-data-types-concepts.md

This article describes how to use the [Excel JavaScript API](../reference/overview/excel-add-ins-reference-overview.md) to work with data types. It introduces core concepts that are fundamental to data type development.

## The `valuesAsJson` property

> The `valuesAsJson` property is integral to creating data types in Excel. This property is an expansion of the `values` property available on multiple Excel JavaScript API objects, like [Range.values](/javascript/api/excel/excel.range#excel-excel-range-values-member). Both the `values` and `valuesAsJson` properties are used to access the value in a cell, but the `values` property only returns one of the four basic types: string, number, boolean, or error values. In contrast, `valuesAsJson` returns expanded information about the four basic types, and this property can return data types such as formatted number values, entities, and web images.

Reviewer: Also, I'm not sure `values` returns an error. According to the existing docs, "Cells that contain an error will return the error string."

Author: Interesting point. It doesn't return an API error (such as `InvalidArgument`), it returns the error value in the cell as a string, such as #NUM!. The data types articles refer to the four basic types this way elsewhere too, with error in the list (see [Data types overview](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/office/dev/add-ins/excel/excel-data-types-overview)). 
 
Do you think it would be clearer here if the sentence said "error data type" instead of "error value"?: 

> Both the `values` and `valuesAsJson` properties are used to access the value in a cell, but the `values` property only returns one of the four basic types: string, number, boolean, or error data types.

- [ValueTypeNotAvailableCellValue](/javascript/api/excel/excel.valuetypenotavailablecellvalue)
- [WebImageCellValue](/javascript/api/excel/excel.webimagecellvalue)

The `CellValue` type alias also returns the [CellValueExtraProperties](/javascript/api/excel/excel.cellvalueextraproperties) object, which is an [intersection](https://www.typescriptlang.org/docs/handbook/2/objects.html#intersection-types) with the rest of the `*CellValue` types. It's not a data type itself. The properties of the `CellValueExtraProperties` object are used with all data types to specify details related to overwriting cell values.

### JSON schema

Each cell value type returned by `valuesAsJson` uses a JSON metadata schema designed for that type. Along with additional properties unique to each data type, these JSON metadata schemas all have the `type`, `basicType`, and `basicValue` properties in common.

> The `type` defines the [CellValueType](/javascript/api/excel/excel.cellvaluetype) of the data. The `basicType` is always readonly and is used as a fallback when the data type isn't supported or is formatted incorrectly. The `basicValue` matches the value that would be returned by the `values` property. The `basicValue` is used as a fallback when calculations encounter incompatible scenarios, such as a version of Excel that doesn't meet the minimum build number requirement for the data types feature. The `basicValue` is readonly for `ArrayCellValue`, `EntityCellValue`, `LinkedEntityCellValue`, and `WebImageCellValue` data types.

Reviewer: Consider phrasing this with less jargon.
```suggestion
The `type` defines the [CellValueType](/javascript/api/excel/excel.cellvaluetype) of the data. The `basicType` is always readonly and is used as a fallback when the data type isn't supported or is formatted incorrectly. The `basicValue` matches the value that would be returned by the `values` property. The `basicValue` is used as a fallback when calculations encounter incompatible scenarios, such as an older version of Excel that doesn't support the data types feature. The `basicValue` is readonly for `ArrayCellValue`, `EntityCellValue`, `LinkedEntityCellValue`, and `WebImageCellValue` data types.
```
